c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\GameName3.dll
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\GameName3.pdb
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\GameName3_Debug_ARM.xap
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.g.resources
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.dll
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.pdb
c:\users\macbook-pro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\GameName3.dll
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\GameName3.pdb
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\GameName3_Debug_ARM.xap
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.g.resources
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.dll
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\GameName3.pdb
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\obj\ARM\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Content\Curl.xnb
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Content\WallGrab.xnb
C:\Users\Carson\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GameName3\GameName3\bin\WindowsPhone\ARM\Debug\Content\WhiteWall.xnb
